Copy editing (#214)
openforis/sepal-doc: docs/source/_templates/index.rst

-   R Studio: Provides access to the R environment where you can run processing scripts and upload data to your SEPAL folder.
-   Jupyter Notebook: An open-source web application that allows you to create and share documents that contain live code, equations, visualizations and narrative text (supports Kernels in many different languages, including R, Python and NodesJS).
-   JupyterLab: JupyterLab is a web-based interactive development environment for Jupyter notebooks, code and data.

.. thumbnail:: ../_images/module/index/dashboard.png
    :title: The landing page of the dashboard of the application.

To find the application you're looking for, you can navigate through the different app pages (3), use tags (4), or utilize the search bar (5).

Once the desired application is found, simply click on it to initiate the process. This will start the smallest instance to run the SEPAL sandbox (:code:`t1`). Please refer to the next section to start a specific instance manually.

.. note:: 

>     Applications that include a "G" in their descriptor require a connection to Google Earth Engine (GEE) to run. Please refer to `Connect GEE and SEPAL <../setup/gee.html#connection-between-gee-and-sepal>`__ for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Applications that include a :icon:`fas fab-google` in their descriptor require a connection to Google Earth Engine (GEE) to run. Please refer to `Connect GEE and SEPAL <../setup/gee.html#connection-between-gee-and-sepal>`__ for more information.
```
